--- Step 0 ---
  Once upon a time, there was a curious little girl named Mia. One day, Mia went to the park with her mom to play. Mia saw a lot of trees and pretty flowers and heard birds singing. 

Mia wanted to find out more about the law. She took a step closer to the law and asked, "What does law mean?"

Her mom smiled and said, "Lead means going outside at least for when people are happy and no one else tells them which means a rule or a word to keep."

Mia thought about this for a moment and then nodded her head. She wanted to make sure everyone around her was safe.
  The little girl loved to explore and feel the big blue ocean. One day she decided to go to the beach. When she got there she had lots of fun. She found shells in the sand and dug deep in the sand. Then she discovered her hat! It was so bright and white, almost like a rainbow. She put it on, and went for a swim. It was such a wonderful feeling! After that, she went back to the beach. She found shells, rocks, and sand. She had so much fun exploring and discovering. It was her beach adventure.

  One sunny day, the boy went to the train station. He had a great time picking up things and going to see different places. He got to a train station with people on the train. He saw many different trains with different colors and sizes.

Suddenly, he heard a loud noise and saw a strange man trying to get on the train. The man tried to get help, but nobody came. The train continued to beep and the doors opened. The man got confused and couldn't talk anymore.

The train conductor heard the noise and rushed to help the man. The crowd was confused too, but the conductor talked to the bad man. The bad
  In a small village, there lived a boy named Tim. Tim had a toy fork. He loved to play with his fork all day long. He would use it to eat his food, even when he was not supposed to.

One day, while playing outside with his fork, Tim fell down and got a big cut. His mom saw the cut and said, "Oh no, Tim! Your fork is so big and sticky. We need to use it to make a clean home for your toy fork."

Tim's mom helped him tie the fork to a cloth and they went inside. They put the cloth on the table with the fork, made a warm
  The puppy was so excited to see her new friend. He wanted to play too, but couldn't come over the long grass. He was feeling very uncomfortable.

Suddenly, a soft voice came from the puppy's paw. "Let's go for a walk," said the voice.

The dog and the puppy started walking together, through the forest and down the long grass. All through the warm summer day, the dog's new best friend, who was only three years old, could still understand the mystery of life.

--- Step 20 ---
  Once upon a time, there was a fat chicken. He was living in the barn and was very content. He was a very nice chicken and he never wanted to leave the barn. Everyone looked on in awe of his fluffy white feathers and they asked the farmer to take the chicken to the woods there.

The farmer and his animals made a bright, sunny day when they came to the woods. The farmer was very happy as he looked out for new things and he was very proud to have him around.

The farmer and the animals thanked each other for visiting. All the animals had a big hug and said hello to the new friend.

The farmer and
  The little girl loved to play with her marbles every day. She loved picking up pink, round and square. She was also very alert and watched for marbles when throwing them.
Soon, the marbles had lots of fun and was always there for her. They became very popular in the neighbourhood and everyone was glad to see them all.

At the end of the day, the girl would never forget her, bright and happy marble. She remembered that day for a long time to play with the marble and that it had made them very happy.

  One sunny day, the boy went to the park to play. He saw a large bird and thought it wanted to help. So, the boy thought of a plan and carefully put it closer to the bird.

The bird was so happy it could now rest its wings. When they all got tired, they found a comfortable spot and the boy said thank you to the bird in his heart.

The bird then flew away and they smiled. It was so thankful it could help the boy and soon the bird was back in it's nest.

The boy felt very special, knowing he had helped the bird to be very intelligent and brave.

  In a small village, there lived a three-year-old named Peter. One day, Peter's mom said, "We're going for a walk!" Peter was so happy that he ran out to the open field.

In the distance, Peter saw a big brown tree. He looked up at it and asked his mom, "What's that?"
"That's a tree," his mom said. "We use it to give shade to the animals."

Peter was so impressed and he wanted to see the tree for himself. So he asked his mom if they could take the tree for a walk closer. His mom said ok.

Together,
  The puppy was so excited to see the puppy that he started to bark. 

The puppy had a surprise. In one of his arms he had found a stick. The owner was looking for the puppy. He was so compassionate to the puppy, she couldn't give it to him.

But the pup had found his new toy. He was so happy, and he was having lots of fun.

He looked towards the boy and the boy, and soon the puppy was playing with the stick in his hand. The boy smiled and gave the puppy a big hug.

The end.

--- Step 40 ---
  Once upon a time, there was a naughty dog named Max. Max liked to eat waste. He would play with it all day long. Max's mom said, "Max, please don't eat waste."

One day, Max saw a bird. He wanted to eat the bird. But his mom said, "No, Max. Save the bird's food." Max agreed, and he ate the waste. Max knew that his mom was right.

From that day on, Max listened to his mom and played gently with things. His mom bought more food and Max learned the moral value. He was happy and healthy.

  The little girl loved to use her eraser to draw pictures. She would make funny shapes and animals. She loved to use her eraser to make her pictures strong and special.

One day, the little girl was playing with her eraser on the wall and her drawings came to life. Her mother was surprised to see how powerful her eraser was. She wanted to make it even more special, so she asked the little girl how she could make her drawings even better.

The little girl told her mother how she could use the eraser in a fun way. Her mother was so impressed by the little girl's creativity. She could make her
  One sunny day, the boy went outside that he met a wise old lady. She was kind and warm, and she said “Don’t be sad! I will show you the right number, if you come outside.”
    
The boy hesitated when he saw the lady pointing to the garden - then he felt a bit better.

The old lady seemed to be smiling. She seemed to understand the boy and said “This is a good one. You can come out and play in the sunshine if you like.” As she opened her hand, the 3 year old boy saw it- it was a warm number
  In a small village, there lived a wealthy man and two young children. One day, the children were running and laughing when they heard a loud noise. It was so loud it scared that not what they were expecting.

The two children soon found themselves in an unfamiliar village, with a variety of strange people everywhere. The children saw the village and began to feel scared. The parents had seen the children trying to be as friendly as their parents and wanted to protect them.

"Please stay together," said the father. "We should be careful not to get too noisy."

But the children were already too far away. Suddenly, their little boy began to
  The puppy was so excited to see the dog and he started to run. He wanted to play with the dog but he could not because the puppy was scared. He kept jumping and running around the room. The infant started to laugh. He felt like he did not want to give the puppy another chance.

Then the infant's mum came in and said, "Why don't you try the dog?". The baby was still so excited and stopped jumping. He got to pet the puppy and said, "See, you don't have to give me one!" He laughed and the puppy ran it around the room and made a funny noise again. They laughed and had
--- Step 60 ---
  Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Bobo. Bobo loved to race with his friends. One morning, he was ready to race.

Bobo started running as fast as he could. All his friends began to race too. They all wanted to win the race with Bobo's big tail. So, they all started to run together as fast as they could.

As they raced, they did not see the tip of Bobo's long tail. It was getting closer and closer. Bobo's friends started to laugh. They did not like Tommy's silly race.

Finally, Bobo crossed the finish line first.
  The little girl loved to use her creative magic wand. She would use it to do fun things like play and use her imagination. And whenever she was tired she would use her magic doll to help her have fun. The end.

  One sunny day, the boy went outside and spread his toys from his bed on the carpet. Mom and dad came to find him. They were so happy to see him. They said he did a great job. 

The boy smiled. He did one more little bear and decided to spread his toys again. This time, he wanted to help his mom in the kitchen. 

From then on, whenever Mom and dad needed him to make spaghetti, the boy was so excited. He loved picking out all sorts of things and spending time with his mom and dad.

  In a small village, there lived a brave lion. The lion did not like to play tricks on his friends. He felt sad about the victory. So, the lion had an idea to settle up and face his problems.

The lion told his friends about his power and tried to be nice. He thought about how they could help him and find a way. After a few days, his friends agreed to play the contest. They all played a fun game together and the lion scored a happy victory. In the end, he learned that playing with friends should sometimes just let themselves know how to have fun. They all had a great time playing together with the other animals in
  The puppy was so excited to go out exploring. He ran in and out of his house, his tail wagging with joy. He saw trees, flowers, and more. He saw birds, bugs and even a bunny! He had never seen anything so colourful. He decided it was going to remain with him forever. 

The little puppy's adventure was so good. He had lots of fun exploring the world. When he came home, he was exhausted, but he was so happy. He decided to tell everyone that he was so brave for exploring with such an adventurous inch. The friends agreed his adventure was a success and they were both very happy.

--- Step 80 ---
  Once upon a time, there was a dog named Max. Max was very happy playing with his toys, but he was also lonely because he did not have any friends to play with. He wanted to make a new friend, but he just couldn't find someone to play with.

One night, Max was feeling very sad because he wanted to make a new friend. He decided to climb up on something high, like a big red car. But he was so far up that he couldn't find his way back down. Max's owner saw him and said, "Max, do you want to play with me?"

Max felt so happy and not at all sorry
  The little girl loved to play with the bear every day, and they both enjoyed it so much. Lily's mom was able to find the perfect toy and they both enjoyed the fun of playing together with the bear.

The end.

  One sunny day, the boy went outside to the playground to play with his friends. He saw his friends playing on the swings and the slide. He waved to his friends and they waved back, eager to join in the fun.

The boy saw that he was very enthusiastic. He was so excited that he waved to all his friends to play with him. It was such a fun day, and the boy had so much fun playing tag and on the playground.

  In a small village, there lived a happy family. They loved to celebrate together all the time. They had a lot of friends and the village was always full of laughter and joy. The family lived happily in the big house with their beautiful trees and flowers. And they lived happily ever after.

  The puppy was so excited to see the big dog and his two best friends. He thanked Sammy for the fun game and they hugged the pup. They all lived happily ever after.

--- Step 100 ---
  Once upon a time, there was a poor little girl named Lily. She lived in a house with a stove that was made of bricks and sticks. One day, while Lily was playing with her toys, she accidentally knocked the stove over and it started to burn. 

Lily ran to the stove and saw that the flames were getting bigger and bigger. She was scared that her mommy would be mad. She shouted "Mommy! Mommy! The stove is burning!" 

Mommy quickly jumped over the burned stove and called for Lily who ran over. She hugged Lily and said "Oh, no! That was a bad burn! Let's never
  The little girl loved to play near the ocean. One day, while she was playing, she got too close to the water and her mother said, "Stay away from the water! It is a fun thing to do." The little girl was scared and did not want to disobey her mother.

The family was walking close to the ocean. The little girl saw a wave. The wave was so big that she ran away very quickly, and the wave followed her. Her mother said, "Don't worry, the wave will come, and then you can go back to playing with your sand."

The little girl realized that no matter what was
  One sunny day, the boy went to the park to play. He noticed something strange.

He saw a big pile of junk in the corner. The junk was all different colors, like a rainbow and a cloud, moving and twirling.

The boy was so excited that he decided to go closer to touch it. He jumped in the pile and began to play and laugh.

Later, the boy stayed with the junk for a very long time. All of the fun playing in the park was coming to an end and they had to stop.

The boy had so much fun playing in the park that the day flew by. The sky was
  In a small village, there lived a kind lady. She loved to take care of her laundry very well. Every day, she would make the laundry big and neat, so clean and neat.

One day, a little boy named Tim came to the lady's laundry. He said, "Can you teach me how to clean your laundry? I want to help you make your laundry nice." The lady smiled and said, "Of course, Tim! I will teach you, and you be a good helper."

Together, Tim and the lady made the laundry nice and neat. When they were done, Tim was very happy. He said, "Thank you,
  The puppy was so excited to see the surprise that he ran as fast and jumped around the room, exploring all the fun things. He especially enjoyed the slide and raced to the slide and went up and down, again and again.

But one day the puppy realized he was going so fast that he was back at the top of the tree and he was happy to be in the same place. He stayed there until it was time to go down the slide again, until he was back all around town and everyone was happy to have him back.

--- Step 120 ---
  Once upon a time, there was a rabbit. The rabbit loved to play in the garden. One day, the rabbit saw a piece of wood. The rabbit wanted to play with the wood. The rabbit was impatient and hopped out of the garden. 

The rabbit played with the wood, and the farmer saw. The farmer called the rabbit over to the rabbit. The rabbit was happy to hear this. The farmer showed the rabbit how to play with the wood. They laughed and had fun together. The rabbit learned to play with the wood and the farmer learned to play with the rabbit's tools.

  The little girl loved to play with the animals in the spring. They would run and jump and play together. The animals were happy and they all lived in their own special place.

  One sunny day, the boy went to the beach. He wore a hat to keep the sun off his face and he had so much fun. He built sand castles and swam in the river and wading in the waves. 

The boy loved this holiday and the way he knew he would always find joy.

  In a small village, there lived a girl who loved to play with her toys. She was very brave, and she always wanted to win. Every day she played with her dolls, the popular toys in her house.

One day, her mommy came to her and said, "You can win this game, my dear." The girl jumped with joy. She loved winning big, but because at the end, she was the best doll player.

The girl's mommy was very proud of her, and she said it was time for everyone from the village to get one of them to play. 

The girl and her mother got to play their
  The puppy was so excited to be with mommy! She was happy to be back with her and safe.

The puppy and mommy played in the garden the whole day. It was great fun!

--- Step 140 ---
  Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Mary. She liked to play in the park.

One day, when the sky started to fill up with clouds, it made a clear noise. Mary looked up to a big sky and wanted to play in the park. 

But her mom said, "It is too dark outside. Please come inside." "If you stay, I can stay dry."

Jane was happy to watch her mom and she waited for a few minutes until the light dried up again.

Finally, the rain was gone and the sky was dry. Mary and her mom went inside and played until they had a good
  The little girl loved to spend her days in the park with her mommy. One day, while they were playing, the little girl found a beautiful flower. She showed it to her mommy and they both smiled.

  One sunny day, the boy went outside. He saw a nice big puddle. He thought it was very shiny. The boy was so happy and smiled at the clear water.

The boy splashed and played in the clean water. He laughed and had so much fun. The wind blew, and the boy's skin was all soft and clean. The boy was a happy boy, because he had the best adventure.

  In a small village, there lived a little girl named Emma. She loved to play outside and take her toys to the east.

One day, Emma went to the east to play, but she started to suffer when she lost her toys in the water. She was very sad and cried for her mom. Her mom came to help and told her to use her toys to go back home.

Emma and her mom walked back home with the pink toys. They found a better spot and returned to the east. Now, Emma can go to the east to play with her toys. She was happy, and her mom had saved her.

  The puppy was so excited to get some food! He started eating and playing with the girl's toys. She laughed and had so much fun!

The puppy was so happy to have such an unusual adventure. He never forgot his fun day in the park with the girl.

--- Step 160 ---
  Once upon a time, there was a big, big boat. The boat was big and had a lot of steam in it. One day, something bad happen to the boat in the water. The boat started to wobble and shake. One day, the people on the boat saw that one of the wheels was sinking. They quickly used a big net to catch the boat and saved it from the sinking wheel. The people were happy and the boat was happy too.

  The little girl loved to play pretend with her friends. She put a big pot on her head like a hat. She spun around with her friends for a whole day. They had lots of fun together!

  One sunny day, the boy went to the park and the wind blew the leaves away. He laughed and ran around, playing with the leaves in the wind. 

The boy's mums saw how much fun he was having and they joined in too. Soon, he was all of the leaves he was playing with and playing with them back! 

The boy felt happy, safe, and joyful with his friends. They watched the birds fly in the night sky and all laughed at the fun they had. 

The boy had a great time and was very thankful for the leaves that included them.

  In a small village, there lived a powerful wizard. The wizard loved to supply magic to the people of the village.

One day, the wizard found a bag of salt. He wanted to take it to the village so that everyone could use it.

The wizard went to the village with the bag of salt and showed it to everyone. Everyone in the village knew that it was the wizard's job to supply magical salt to people.

The wizard was so happy, because he had collected so much salt that it was all thanks to him. The wizard had used the salt to make the village a special and happy place.

  The puppy was so excited to see everything that he almost forgot to be happy. He ran around chasing butterflies and jumping in the park. 

Jack was the happiest puppy in the world. He just laughed and was so excited that he kept jumping around with the puppy. They be so happy together and play until the sun went down. 

Jack looked up at the sky and smiled. He was happy playing and having so much fun. That was his special day.

--- Step 180 ---
  Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was three years old and she had lots of fun. She liked playing outside with her friends. 

One day, her mommy decided to teach her how to plant tomatoes. The little girl was so excited! She wanted to do it so she could help her mommy. 

The little girl put her ear to the ground so she could listen. Then, she gently moved the little plant out of the ground. The little girl was so proud of herself. As the little girl was finishing the tomatoes, she remembered to listen to her mommy and to stay on the ground.

After the
  The little girl loved to fly.

  One sunny day, the boy went to the tree. The sky was blue and the sunshine was bright. The child was so happy to see the world. 

The sun stayed high in the sky. The sky was just right. The little boy could not touch the sky. He had the best day ever! In the end, he felt happy, and he did not let blue anymore.

  In a small village, there lived a little girl named Daisy. Daisy liked to play in the woods with her mom and dad. They would play games and have fun all day.

One day, Daisy and her parents went to the woods to play. They found a camp and decided to have a big camp. They made a camp in the woods too. They had a lot of fun during their camp of play. They laughed, played, and laughed every day.

At the end of the day, they were all very tired. They said goodbye to their camp and went back home. Daisy and her parents were so happy. They had the best time in their
  The puppy was so excited to have so much fun. He went back down the big stair and the puppy went all running on it. 

Jack was still wearing his blue shirt and he felt so happy that he had a whole day playing with his new puppy.

